Update embed documentation (#609)
dunglas/frankenphp: docs/embed.md

    # Copy your app
    WORKDIR /go/src/app/dist/app
    COPY . .

>     # Copy environment files explicitly to prevent possible .dockerignore issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Copy .env files explicitly to prevent possible .dockerignore issues (Symfony-specific, but you may need something similar even for non-Symfony projects)
```

>     COPY .env.local .env.local

Reviewer: I would comment these lines by default, as this only applies to Symfony.

        ./build-static.sh
    ```

    > [!CAUTION]
    >

>     > Some `.dockerignore` files (e.g. default [symfony-docker .dockerignore](https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker/blob/main/.dockerignore))
>     > will ignore the vendor folder and environment files. Be sure to adjust or remove the `.dockerignore` file before the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Some `.dockerignore` files (e.g. default [Symfony Docker `.dockerignore`](https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker/blob/main/.dockerignore))
    > will ignore the `vendor/` directory and `.env` files. Be sure to adjust or remove the `.dockerignore` file before the build.
```
